feat: add options to pass custom regex to conventional-commits-parser (#177)
amannn/action-semantic-pull-request: README.md

            The subject "{subject}" found in the pull request title "{title}"
            didn't match the configured pattern. Please ensure that the subject
            doesn't start with an uppercase character.

>           # Configure custom regex that will be passed to conventional-commits-parser.
>           # This can be used to specify different required format of the title.
>           # The correspondence is used to define what capturing group of headerPattern captures what header part.
>           # The example values are the default.
>           # For more details see: https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog/tree/master/packages/conventional-commits-parser#headerpattern

Reviewer: I tried to rephrase it a bit:

```suggestion
          # If you're using a format for the PR title that differs from the traditional Conventional
          # Commits spec, you can use these options to customize the parsing of the type, scope and
          # subject. The `headerPattern` should contain a regex where the capturing groups in parentheses
          # correspond to the parts listed in `headerPatternCorrespondence`.
          # See: https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog/tree/master/packages/conventional-commits-parser#headerpattern
```

What do you think?

Also, would you mind moving this and the `wip` option to the bottom of the config list? I think they might be less commonly used than the other ones.
